
git switch - it will moves to back branch

--------------------------------------------------------
every commit it will create a check sum it was generated by SHA-1 algo 40 digit numbrj.

The commit hash 855785e2354db71ab19b1c4522669e0f6211715a is a 40-character long string.

This is the typical length of a Git commit hash, which is generated using the SHA-1 hashing algorithm.

------------------------------
git branching :

***features
**experiments
**bug fixing

Branches allow developers to work on new features, bug fixes, or experiments without affecting the main codebase (often referred to as the "master" or "main" branch). 
Each branch represents an independent line of development, providing isolation for changes until they are ready to be merged into the main branch.
Branches in Git are commonly used for adding new features, bug fixes, or experiments without directly affecting the main line of development. 
Once the work on a branch is complete and verified, it's typically merged back into the main branch (often named main or master)
we can create branch in two different ways 

git checkout -b "branch name"

git switch -c branch_name / "branch_name" 
it will create a new branch and checout switch auto as checkout (it will also do automatically)


git switch - it will moves to next branch


we can see the branches by using 
git branch
the pointer will shows the present branch
or by using git status we can see the branch which we are on
to previous branch we use -----( git switch - )----------
to delete the branch : git branch -d branch_name or git branch --delete bracnh_name 
to delete remote 
 git push origin --delete branch_name as same as tag 

git bracnh -a it will show remote branches too
Creating a New Branch: When you create a new branch, Git creates a new pointer (or reference) that points to the same commit as main. At this point, both the main branch and the new branch point to the same commit.

Commit History: As you make changes and commit them to the new branch, Git tracks these commits separately from the main branch. Each commit on the new branch creates a new snapshot of the project's state, preserving the changes you've made.